Doc for distribution of analyzer config in nuget (#35719)
dotnet/docs: docs/fundamentals/code-analysis/configuration-files.md

> [!NOTE]
> The top-level entry `is_global = true` is not required when the file is named `.globalconfig`, but it is recommended for clarity.

### Distribution in NuGet packages

> Global AnalyzerConfig files can be distributed with NuGet packages. To do so, add a [*.props* file](/nuget/concepts/msbuild-props-and-targets) to the NuGet package. In the *.props* file, add a `GlobalAnalyzerConfigFiles` item under the `Project` node:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Global AnalyzerConfig files can be distributed with NuGet packages. To do so, add a [*.props* file](/nuget/concepts/msbuild-props-and-targets) to the NuGet package. In the *.props* file, add a `GlobalAnalyzerConfigFiles` item under the `Project` node:

```

> As mentionned above, `GlobalAnalyzerConfigFiles` can be distributed with NuGet packages. To do so, [add a `.props`](https://learn.microsoft.com/nuget/concepts/msbuild-props-and-targets) file to the nuget, and include the `GlobalAnalyzerConfigFiles` directly under the `Project` node, like so:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Global AnalyzerConfig files can be distributed with NuGet packages. To do so, add a [*.props* file](/nuget/concepts/msbuild-props-and-targets) to the NuGet package. In the *.props* file, add a `GlobalAnalyzerConfigFiles` item under the `Project` node:
```
